Run "Update AL-Go System Files" on multiple branches (#1037)
microsoft/AL-Go: Actions/GetWorkflowMultiRunBranches/README.md

# Get Workflow Multi-Run Branches

> Gets the branches for a multi-branches workflow run.

Author: ```suggestion
Gets the branches for a multi-branch workflow run.
```

If the worflow is dispatched, the branches are determined based on the input

> If the workflow is run on a schedule, the branches are determined a the `workflowSchedule` setting.

Author: ```suggestion
If the workflow is run on a schedule, the branches are determined based on the `workflowSchedule.includeBranches` setting.
```

## INPUT

### ENV variables

| Name | Description |
| :-- | :-- |
| Settings | env.Settings must be set by a prior call to the ReadSettings Action |

### Parameters

| Name | Required | Description | Default value |
| :-- | :-: | :-- | :-- |
| shell | false | The shell (powershell or pwsh) in which the PowerShell script in this action should run | powershell |

> | includeBranches | false | Comma-separated value of branch names patterns to include if they exist. If not specified, all remote branches are returned. Wildcards are supported. |''|

Author: ```suggestion
| includeBranches | false | Comma-separated value of branch names patterns to include if they exist. If not specified, only the default branch is returned. Wildcards are supported. |''|
```

> | includeBranches | false | Comma-separated value of branch names patterns to include if they exist. If not specified, only the current branch is returned. Wildcards are supported. |''|

Author: ```suggestion
| includeBranches | false | Comma-separated value of branch name patterns to include if they exist. If not specified, only the current branch is returned. Wildcards are supported. |''|
```
